So let's move on to exercise eight,
node dev eight.
And this is where we talk about errors.
What happens when there are errors
cuz there always will be errors.
No matter how good you are at coding,
you will create errors.
I am sorry to inform you of this but
it's gonna happen.
So remix has built in error
handling capabilities.
There are two exports that you're going
to wanna know about, error boundaries and
catch boundaries.
And those are all explained in the
background so you can read through that.
And then for the exercise,
we're going to add error
boundaries to a couple of routes.
And in fact, we have one route that is
like a hidden parent route that we're just
getting the default because we
haven't actually specified it.
We're gonna create that file so
we can add an error boundary to that.
And then we have the extra credit is for
the catch boundaries which are also for
handling errors just slightly different.
So I think that's all
the background that I need to say,
feel free to get started on this and
we'll be back to work on it together.